Doc/c-api/memory.rst: extend --without-pymalloc doc with ASan information (#136790)
python/cpython: Doc/c-api/memory.rst

:option:`--without-pymalloc` option. It can also be disabled at runtime using
the :envvar:`PYTHONMALLOC` environment variable (ex: ``PYTHONMALLOC=malloc``).

Typically, it makes sense to disable the pymalloc allocator when building
Python with AddressSanitizer (ASan) which helps uncover low level bugs within
the C code. While pymalloc doesn't break under ASan, the ASan works more

> effectively with the system allocator (since we do not add any padding in
> between the objects managed/allocated by pymalloc and we do not annotate/poison
> the "inaccessible" memory between the pymalloc allocated objects).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
effectively with the system allocator (ASan does not track
individual allocations done by pymalloc).
```
